Rewrote / restructured documentation (#392)
FreeCAD/FreeCAD-addons: Documentation/Submission.md

# Submission

How to submit your addon to this collection.

<br/>

## Preparation

### Repository

-   Ensure your repository is hosted  
    on one of the following platforms:

    [GitHub] , [Gitlab] , [Framagit]  
    [salsa.debian.org] , [Codeberg]

-   Add the `freecad` & `addon` topics to  
    your repository to improve searchability.

-   Ensure your README is readable in the addon manager UI  

>     as  some things don't renders the same as in the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    as  some things don't render the same as in the browser. In
    particular, the Addon Manager does not support HTML tags
    in the markdown.
```
